# speedup-winodws10
The following batch files are included in the archive 1) Advanced Explorer Settings — This changes more than a dozen File Explorer related settings on Windows 10 that turn of animations, enable menus, or turn off things like Toasts. 2) Disable Automatic App Updates — Turns off automatic updates for Windows Store applications. 3) Disable Automatic Windows Updates — Turns off automatic updates for the Windows 10 operating system itself. 4) Disable Cortana Completely — Rename the cortana process searchUI.exe to searchUI.bak. This will kill the process permanetly and save your ressources. 5) Disable Forced Reboot after Update — Blocks Windows from enforcing a reboot after updates that require one. 6) Disable Lockscreen — Turns off the Windows 10 lockscreen. 7) Disable Telemetry — Turns off Windows 10 Telemetry. 8) Disable Unnecessary Services — This disables the MapsBroker, DoSvc and Wsearch services 9) Enable Defender Malware Protection —   Enables Windows malware Protection. 10)Enable Secure Microsoft Edge Settings — Tweaks Microsoft Edge for security. Changes include turning of Flash and Cortana, enabling continuous browsing, and more. 11)Get Back Old Vertical Desktop Icon Distance —  Changes the vertical icon spacing on the desktop. 12)Hide Cortana — Disables Cortana, and with it web searches and other search related parameters. The Microsoft way of disabling Cortana. 13)Hide OneDrive — Hides OneDrive and disables several related settings. 14)Re-enable Cortana Completely — This preferences turns Cortana on again. 15)Uninstall Unnecessary Apps — Removes ten apps that Windows 10 ships with including 3D Builder, Skype App, Getting Started, or Voice Recorder. 16)Enable Administrator Account — This preference enables the hidden administrator account in Windows. 17)Enable Standby instead of Hibernate — Switch powerstate from hibernation (slow) to standby . 18)Get apps access for Administrator Account — Enable access to applications for the administrator account.
